README.md, before:

Weather App Using React and Redux

----------------------------------

First Original React Project

----------------------------------

Welcome.

----------------------------------

Credit to http://andrewhfarmer.com/build-your-own-starter/#0-intro
site for guiding me through building the starter

Shoutout to Scott Gangemi who helped get the ball rolling with my first component and continued help with React Redux.

----------------------------------

Compile webpack

----------------------------------

Start with npm start

----------------------------------

Do I need an Umbrella for Lunch this Week?

The app let's the user search for a location (currently in Australia and aiming to implement country selector in the next phase)
and display the weather for the next five days at 12pm noon. It shows a snapshot weather description, icon and temperature.
On selecting the display a component will replace the other search results displaying detailed weather information.

In the current wireframe it will have a temperature graph showing the temperature range for the next five days, as well as average. And other information available from openweather API.
Also looking to get descriptive data from climate apis (if any found) or/and wikipedia for location images and brief location
description.
Possible link to ocean data for surf forecasts in a link (to demonstrate single page app use and react router).
Integration with google maps to display location and possible tinkering with closest beach feature (unlikely but hopeful).

Commit message:

Some language + changed time stamp
- time will reflect the closest 3 hour interval to search and will
display the weather for that time for the next five days

README.md, after:

Weather App Using React and Redux

----------------------------------

First Original React Project

----------------------------------

Welcome.

----------------------------------

Credit to http://andrewhfarmer.com/build-your-own-starter/#0-intro
site for guiding me through building the starter

Shoutout to Scott Gangemi who helped get the ball rolling with my first component and continued help with React Redux.

----------------------------------

Compile webpack

----------------------------------

Start with npm start

----------------------------------

Earth at a Snapshot

The app let's the user search for a location anywhere in the world and return a five day forecast of the weather at the current time of each day.
On selecting the display a component will replace the other search results displaying detailed weather information.

In the current wireframe it will have a temperature graph showing the temperature range for the next five days, as well as average. And other information available from openweather API.
Also looking to get descriptive data from climate apis (if any found) or/and wikipedia for location images and brief location
description.
Possible link to ocean data for surf forecasts in a link (to demonstrate single page app use and react router).
Integration with google maps to display location and possible tinkering with closest beach feature (unlikely but hopeful).
